learn the sivananda yoga single right leg raise in this free exercise video .
learn how to apply hanger hooks for your woodcarving project in this free woodworking tips video from our expert wood carver .
learn about how hand washing can help prevent you from catching a cold in this free health video series .
how to julienne cucumbers to make kimchi for korean kimchi and rice ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
in order to put photographic emulsion on watercolor paper , the emulsion must be heated up and then processed using traditional darkroom techniques . make striking greeting cards with the painted images created by placing photographic emulsion on watercolor paper using the tips in this free video on photography from a professional photographer .
combining bleeding and cupping methods in acupuncture can help in certain types of pain treatment . learn more about these acupuncture methods from our medical expert in this free video .
what terms are necessary for an umpire to know ? learn the terminology needed to be a baseball umpire in this free video on sports officiating .
what video cards are used on laptops ? learn about different types of laptop video cards in this free video clip .
basics on how to repair and tune a piano ; learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
the hero yoga pose has a very strong stance . learn tips on how this is done from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
vegetable stock for prosciutto rosemary chicken is made with two bullion cubes . learn about vegetable stock with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
there are many types of bow string used in archery , including dacron string and fast flight string . learn more about choosing string to put on your bow in this free archery equipment and supplies lesson .
the bat bite is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn the sivananda yoga uttasana ( forward fold ) pose in this free exercise video .
afternoon tea , often referred to as high tea , has a surprising history . learn more about high tea in this free video about brewing loose leaf tea .
working in the music industry provides many funny moments for music producers . laugh along with a music producer 's funniest moments in this free music recording industry career video .
correcting common problems playing the paradiddle diddle is easy with these tips , get expert advice on drum skills in this free video .
learn how to play diminished piano chords in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
children may experience growing pains in their legs , knees and growth plates . learn more about growing pains with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
refining the shape for your clay trout sculpture by referring back to your original model . expert jorge benlloch will teach you everything you need to know to create beautiful sculpture in this free online art video .
learn all about peanut butter cupcakes with an introduction from our expert in this free dessert recipe video on making peanut butter cupcakes .
for collage work , workable fixative spray can be purchased at art supply or hardware stores . use workable fixative spray for collage work with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
leg stretching is one of the most important things to pay attention to in yoga . learn some tips on how to properly do single straight leg stretches from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
closets are a magnet for clutter so get some basic closet cleaning and organizing tips in this free house cleaning video .
wondering what to do after you 've finished writing your play ? learn some goals and tips for presenting your play from our play writing expert in this free video clip .
learn tips on how to install sound boards in a recording studio once you have chosen the building in this free video clip on soundproofing .
lean the forward knee in warrior ii yoga pose over the ankle , careful not to lean too far and stress the knee . learn the warrior two pose of basic yoga in this free yoga video lesson .
choosing a photocopy image for a collage makes tracing and defining edges easier . choose an image for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
learn how to empty the bag of a random orbit sander in this free educational video series .
learn how to use stickers on clay sculptures in this free ceramic art video lesson .
when teaching kids the basics of self-defense , instill self-worth and teach them never to initiate harming others . teach kids appropriate self-defense techniques with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free self-defense video .
finding out who lives at a certain address can be accomplished by contacting the county property assessor . look up addresses in city directories or telephone books with information from a genealogy researcher in this free video on personal records and research .
learn how to record voice for a tv news report with expert journalism advice from an experienced broadcast journalist in this free television career video clip .
stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . learn how to add spices to a stuffed tomatoes recipe in this free cooking video .
how to mix ingredients for chumous salad ; learn more about making traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
the aikido technique ushiro tekubi tori kokyunas allows the martial artist to defend against an enemy attacking from behind . learn this important aikido technique in this free video .
learn from our expert that every part of a microwave needs to be cleaned , including the turntable , in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
alternate spinning the poi in front and in back of the body to do the wave . learn the poi spinning wave with tips from a fire performer in this free video on poi spinning basics .
drummers play accented eighths on the ride cymbal . learn to play cha-cha music on the drums in this free online video drum lesson .
hamstring curls using a stability ball are a great way to tone your legs and hamstrings . learn how to use an exercise ball for hamstring curls in this free health and fitness video lesson .
learn how to practice your fire escape plan , and tips for avoiding fires and how to form a fire safety plan , in this free video from an expert fireman .
the size of a paintball gun site depends on its amenities , but it should always include a safe zone and enough space to keep stray paint balls on the property . be safe on a paintball range , always wearing masks and being aware of the surrounding properties , with tips from an experienced paintball range host in this
learn about pants leg widths and shoe choice for petite women 's fashion in this free clothing style and dress video .
improve your overall health with tai chi moves . learn how to add kicks to your 24 yang style tai chi exercise in this free alternative medicine video clip .
learn about the basic and different types of skeet targets from our expert in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
potential internal parasites in cats include round worms , tape worms and hookworms . learn more about internal parasite symptoms and treatments in cats with tips from a veterinarian in this free cat health video .
providing water in the workplace is essential for employee health and wellness . encourage hydration to create a healthy work environment or office with tips in this free wellness video .
indoor soccer is easy with these tips , get expert advice on footballing skills , moves , and rules in this free video .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a 'scrape and flop ' tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
to start arm movements in flamenco dance keep the elbows out and the arms curved . learn more about starting arm movements in flamenco dancing with tips from a dance instructor and choreographer in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to teach your kids to play fun party games fairly in this free video series that examines fun and age-appropriate games for children .
learn how to grind espresso from our expert with a demonstration in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
learn how to juggle split patterns with beginner and advanced four ball patterns in this free juggling tricks and patterns video .
learn how to do a rear lunge exercise for your lower body from our expert in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
get warmed up to play american football with the kneeling warm-up drill in this free american football video lesson , with tips from an expert quarterback .
make a belly dancing veil from silk or chiffon , customizing the veil for the feel of your dance . learn how to make a veil for belly dancing from a belly dancing expert in this free dance video .
watch as an expert plumber demonstrates how to repair shower valve cartridges in this free online video about home repair .
the aperture of a telescope refers to its ability to gather light . find out which aperture to choose when buying a telescope in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
to stretch the chest , shoulders and back in yoga , use a strap gripped firmly over the head . stretch the chest , shoulders and back using yoga poses with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn how to add dry seasonings for vegetarian lasagna with expert vegetarian cooking tips in this free video recipe .
learn tips for using chicken wire as a sound filter in a rain stick with expert crafting instructions in this free online percussion instrument video clip .
part of preparing your kids to come back indoors is getting them warmed up after playing outside . learn more in this free video series .
twirl a bo staff by spinning it from its center point and by practicing diligently to learn how to alternate between hands . learn to perform strikes and twirl the bo staff using tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on martial arts .
learn how to iron your wall-hanging fabric in this free do-it-yourself video series that has you creating your own home furnishing items .
to care for gray tree frogs , give them plenty of places to hide in the terrarium . care for gray tree frogs with these expert tips from a reptile specialist in this free video about pet care .
using the six harmonies , in tai chi , is a great partner exercise that can be useful for defending against an opponent . learn more about this partner exercise from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
getting a motocross license used to involve filling out a piece of paper and sending money . learn about obtaining a supercross license with tips from a professional motocross rider in this free sports video .
when your horse is ready , canter over all the jumps in your challenge course . practice cantering the jumps with a riding instructor in this free equestrian video .
remember at least one article of clothing that is hunter orange when you go hunting . learn what to wear when hunting in this free outdoors video .
learn why you should only work with one dog at time when teaching them not to jump in this free dog training video .
learn how to use hand-held synthesizers with a multi-rig synthesizer set-up in this free music video on playing keyboards .
a one leg twist on a balance ball trainer is a great challenge for the oblique , glute and shoulder muscles . learn how to do a one leg twist on the balance ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free balance exercise video .
keeping body frame in mind when picking jewelry accessories is important . learn how to pick jewelry appropriate for your body shape in this free jewelry video .
bring antique clocks by a repair shop on a regular basis for a service visit . find out how to fix common problems with antique clocks with tips in this free video on repairing antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
what is the proper ball position for the hammer golf swing ? learn all the details about this golf technique in this free video clip on golf tips .
in order to shave or remove hair on the arms , the best way is to shave for temporary removal . use waxing techniques to remove hair on the arms with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
if you want to roll filtered cigarettes , invest in a tube machine . learn how a tube rolling machine works to make filtered cigarettes in this free video clip about how to roll a cigarette .
the history of hookah smoking dates back more than 2,000 years . discover the history of hookah with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
when drawing an angel , try to get the focus on signature angel characteristics , like the halo or wings , and not on other details , like the face . sketch an angel with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
newborn puppies are very fragile , require milk and need to be kept warm . provide a newborn puppy with a great deal of milk nutrition with pet care advice from a veterinarian in this free video on dog training and raising puppies .
when recording a rap song , the minimum recording rate should be 48k 24 bit so that the song is ready for cds and dvds . learn about recording rate for recording a rap song with tips from a professional studio technician in this free video on hip hop recording .
penalties exist in foil fencing like in many other sports ; learn the rules of foil fencing and basic strategy in this free video fencing lesson .
using wireless internet is fun and easy , lose the wires and get a lesson in wireless networks and routers in this free video .
working in a darkroom and producing photographic prints can alter your sense of time . learn some important considerations when it comes to time and working in darkrooms from a professional photographer in this free video .
proper water use will help a boxer avoid cramps . learn how to work the corner for a boxer , including tips and techniques for giving advice and treating injuries in this free boxing video .
learn how to make sauce for vegetarian stir fry and what goes into the sauce in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
shift to easier gear as terrain gets rough . learn about bike shifting in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
deepen other pigments with violet paint . learn how to create a violet effect for a painting of a sunrise in this free oil painting lesson from our experienced painter .
pops in hip-hop dancing are created with a flex and tension in the muscles followed by a release of tension to form the movement . learn how to pop with tips from a dance instructor in this free video on hip hop .
repeat signs in sheet music tell you that there is going to be a section of a piece that 's going to be repeated . find how to read the repeat signs in sheet music with help from an experienced musician in this free video on reading sheet music .
tips on finishing touches when installing weatherstripping on a garage from a professional contractor in this free home improvement video .
the partiflex takedown adds a backward takedown to the partiflex wristlock . learn how to apply the partiflex takedown from outside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
each burmese dance move must be done gently and smoothly . learn to do basic hand gestures when burmese dancing in the free video from a professional burmese dancer .
a basic contour sketch exercise uses only lines with no shadows . learn more about contour sketches with advice from an artist in this free instructional drawing video .
learn how to add butter to a bananas foster dessert recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
scrapbooking is all about being creative . get tips for using stickers and paints on scrapbooks in this free video clip about easy scrapbooking ideas .
changing state in anger management refers to altering the state of mind when anger arises . learn to change state with tips from a professional consultant in this free anger management video .
you can set your games up any way you like and it 's really fun because you can use teams or you can do boys against girls . learn how to throw an anti-valentine 's day party from a professional party planner in this free events video .
how to build scale degrees on a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a stomp scuffle turn tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
learn about playing whist in person and on the internet and which style works best for you in this free video series that will have you mastering whist in no time .
using nutritional supplements when cycling can help you increase your energy , maintain your muscle strength , and replace your electrolytes . get tips on choosing nutritional supplements for bike riding in this free sports nutrition video guide .
a zig-zag stitch in tailored clothing will ensure that fabric does n't unravel . add zig-zag stitches with tailoring tips from a fashion designer in this free video on sewing and clothing alterations .
conflict and resolution should be part of a humorous interpretation piece . get tips on picking a humorous interpretation piece from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
learn how to plan your business for a non-profit organization in this free business startup video from our management expert on non-profit organizations .
when buying oil paints for canvas painting , consider the brand , price , tube size , consistency and , of course , the colors . purchase oil paints for painting on canvas with tips from an artist in this free video on painting and drawing .
to use feng shui to enhance creativity in the home , create bagua , which is a map of feng shui in a house . plan creative areas in a home using feng shui techniques with the tips in this free video on interior design from a feng shui instructor .
you have to hear about these bizarre hospital fight stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
how to season boiled shrimp when they 're done cooking ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
a storage unit for housing the tools in your woodshop is a good idea for organization . learn about tool storage for your woodshop in this free home video .
learn how to buy the best marble steak at the grocery store with expert healthy eating tips in this free online grocery shopping video clip .
rattan bo staffs are generally double headed while white wax wood staffs are tapered on one end . learn about the differences between double-headed bo staffs and tapered bo staffs in this free video .
tractor tire pressure should be checked weekly at least . learn how to use a tire pressure gauge to check the pressure in tractor tires in this free video on tractor operation .
there are many varieties of hubcaps on cars , most of which can be removed by unscrewing them with a screwdriver . change hubcaps by being able to get to the hubcaps with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repairs and maintenance .
begin a bunny drawing by starting with the ears . learn to draw a bunny with tips from a professional artist in this free video about learning to draw .
each of the four strings on a violin have names . learn what they are and how they sound from an expert violinist in this free video .
see how you 've put your hip hop moves together in a beginner combination . learn how to do beginning hip hop dance combinations from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
learn how to pick a matte for a shadowbox picture frame with expert home décor tips in this free online professional framing video clip .
picking the flowers in the first step in making a flower arrangement . learn how to select roses in this free video clip about how to make a rose bouquet .
how to gather and prepare the ingredients for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
dating a person with a drug addiction can appear out of no where and in some cases it requires professional counseling . learn what it takes to date someone with a drug addiction with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about the best clothing for an apple figure .
victorian rose eggs have dense patterns cut from scrap book papers or wrapping papers . learn how to make decoupage eggs in this free arts and crafts video .
increase your energy with these yoga poses . learn how to do the yoga staff pose to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
there are many ways to handle a basketball . learn about dribble walking in this free sports video clip .
learn how to fold the outside edges into the center line for an origami eagle with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
learn how to price work for a post-production video project with expert tips and advice on filmmaking , cinema , and movie post-production in this free online video clip .
the best boots for climbing , an ankle boot is appropriate for backpacking , a velcro slipping is suitable for indoor climbing and a combination of those is best for hiking . find a boot that meets requirements for warmth , comfort , support or water resistance for a specific situation with safety information from an experienced rock climber and
lydian mode on an upright bass is a helpful pattern to learn . practice upright bass patterns in the lydian mode on the d string in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
using cabbage and cucumber , learn to make a cabbage and cucumber sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
watch an expert chef review tips on cooking vegetables in this free online video cooking lesson .
plan out the size and pattern of the patch before cutting it out . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
learn how to do the bagged card stab trick for a deck of svengali magic cards in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
combining standing and lying glute exercises to tighten up your butt . firm flabby butt muscles with tips from a certified physical fitness trainer in this free workout video .
in this free kayaking video tutorial an expert will demonstrate how to do the kayaking reverse sweep paddle stroke .
hardening a clay vase can take a while so for those impatient folk our expert will show you how to properly use a blow torch to harden and dry your round vase in this free video clip .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball lunges to help you in your operation fit !
find out how to transfer your screen print design to wax paper in this free video clip on fashion tips .
when picking a hair relaxer , use caution when not applying base relaxer because it can cause irritation on the scalp . pick a hair relaxer with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
changing oil means getting rid of the old oil . learn how to remove the drain plug on your oil pan to drain the oil in this free video .
raise a computer literate child and learn how to set up a desktop password on a child 's computer in this free online video on responsible parenting and the internet .
preventing global warming can begin by having an energy audit on the home . help prevent global warming with tips from a firefighter in this free video on first aid .
when drawing a ecstatic expression on a cartoon character , make the eyes extra wide . illustrate an ecstatic expression on the face of a cartoon character with the drawing lesson in this free video from a professional cartoonist .
scales on the violin are a good way to build up dexterity . learn how to play the a minor scale on the violin in this free music lesson video from an expert violinist .
to get the unique shape of baked alaska you 'll need to know how to cut the cake properly . our expert shows you in this free recipe video .
change an ip address in windows vista is done by clicking the start bar and running the command prompt by typing in ipconfig . change ip address in windows vista with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn how to do a full inversion on an inversion table workout with expert tips and advice on exercise from a fitness expert in this free health and fitness video .
learn how to train puppeteers when starting your own puppet company home business and other tips in this free entrepreneur video .
learn about all the ingredients you will need to prepare cholent in this free video clip on cooking .
snowboard trails typically have three to four trial ratings . find out the difference in snowboard trail ratings with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
get tips on how to drop down from a wheelchair wheelie in this free extreme sports stunts and wheelchair tricks lesson on video .
pigeon race timers are sought-after by antique clock collectors . learn about collecting unique clocks and timers in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
the psycho is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn bo staff shaolin kung fu fighting techniques in this free martial arts instruction video from our marital arts expert .
watch an expert explain how to find the right place to skip stones in this free video .
before playing the violin it is important to loosen the violin bow hair . learn more about loosening violin bow hair with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
find information regarding the penalties of shoplifting by consulting an attorney or lawyer that specializes in the field to learn about the punishments that vary from state-to-state . get legal advice about stealing and shoplifting with help from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
playing violin intervals requires finger exercises involving octaves , thirds and fifths to train the fingers where to go to find the exact note . learn an octave finger exercise in the key of a that will train your fingers to know where other g notes are from an experienced musician in this free video .
to change a flat bike tire , start opposite the valve stem and insert the tire lever under one half of the tire bead . change a flat bike tire with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
aikido technique munetsuki kotegaeshi allows the aikido martial artist to block an opponents punch and re-route the energy . learn the munetsuki kotegaeshi aikido technique in this free video .
one of the most popular areas of the flamenco resurgence is the flamenco guitar ; learn the spanish song `` impetu '' from an expert flamenco guitarist , on this free music video series .
when using control 24 control surface with pro tools , the read mode shows parameters of tracks . edit tracks using the control 24 mixing console , in connection with pro tools software , with free video tips from a professional audio engineer and music producer .
break it down hip hop dance move is similar to other toe tap dance steps . learn the break it down hip hop dance move with tips from a choreographer in this free hip hop dance lesson video .
special rules make baroness solitaire more difficult . learn how to play baroness solitaire in this free gaming video .
the alexander ( original ) is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn about a testicular biopsy and what to expect from one as well as how to detect testicular cancer through self-exam with expert cancer detection and prevention tips in this free men 's health video clip .
the lighting requirements for digital photos are more precise than those for film photos , which are not as sensitive to color changes as digital photos . learn about lighting requirements for digital photos in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
car tires that are used for driving in the winter usually have more aggressive treads . determine how bad the winter conditions are before buying winter tires with information from an auto mechanic in this free video on car parts and safety .
learn how to install a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do snake arms in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
learn how to use the strings , switches and volumes of an ebow in this free educational video clip .
learn how to do the four-limb staff yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a professional designer envelope from scratch in this free video .
how to play chord progressions for jazz piano in the key of c major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
learn how to use a splatter shield accessory of a stand mixer from our catering and standing mixer expert in this free cooking video on using a stand mixer .
learn how to use a transparency to trace a pattern cross stitching in this free embroidery video lesson .
repairing a troubled relationship requires affirming your partner about the good things . learn how to be affirming from a communications expert in this free relationship advice video .
learn how to fold the back edge into a petal fold for an origami azalea with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
the correct wide receiver stance and start is done by keeping eyes forward right until the football is snapped . avoid tipping the offensive play with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
learn tips on a great core body cross fitness exercise called the dead lift from our expert in this free fitness video on cross training core body exercises .
how to add lip gloss for applying makeup like the singer christina aguilera ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
golf spikes provide golfers with traction and should be replaced with the use of a spike tool . remove golf spikes correctly with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
learn how to make the final adjustments to the origami frog with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
a 3/2 clave rhythms is a popular rhythms for playing two conga drums . learn more about playing two drums in 3/2 clave rhythm with tips from a professional conga drum player in this free music lesson video .
babies breath is a nice filler flower compliment to tulips . learn about filler flowers for tulip flower arrangements in this free floristry video from a florist .
learn how to clothes using starch with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
how aura soma bottles came to the united states in this free alternative healing video .
sculpt wire like a professional ! learn how to make a forked tongue in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
using an easel , or speed easel , is a useful tool for cropping your prints when using a photographic enlarger . learn more about easels and photographic enlargers from a professional photographer in this free video .
jazz drummers do n't play the bass drum as loudly as rock drummers . play a ride pattern on a bass drum with the music tips in this free video lesson on playing the drums from an experienced jazz drummer .
looking for tips to protect your home against theft ? watch this free video , and learn how to keep thieves away from a professional locksmith
make sure feet are facing the right direction when drawing a sweep kick . learn how to draw a sweep kick from a cartoonist in this free sketch art video on drawing a fight .
the gliding swan with double arm circles exercise strengthens lower back and arm muscles . accelerate lower back muscle growth through gliding swan with double arm circle exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
make your hair sparkle ! learn how to apply glitter to your hair in this free makeup video clip from a professional makeup artist .
doing reverse curls with knees on a stability ball will create a passive resistance ab exercise . learn how to do reverse curls with the knees on a stability ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free ab exercise video .
learn how to cook sauce for picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
delicious ice cream on hot texas day ! where to order ice cream in austin .
ask a guy out on a date by using an indirect approach and learning what his interests are . learn how to approach a guy for a date with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
get tips on using wood chips when grilling barbecue chicken and more in this free online cooking video taught by grill master dan head .
learn how to use the forearms in japanese shiatsu massage to release stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
a strike zone in baseball helps to determine what a player can and ca n't hit . learn about the knowing the strike zone in the mental approach to hitting a baseball with this free batting video from a hitting instructor .
learn how to use a painter 's pallet to paint with oils in this free instructional video art lesson on oil painting .
the tap is a stylish dance move to use when dancing the salsa . learn the tap salsa dance step in this free salsa dancing video lesson .
the first step in traveling belly dancing is learning to walk while doing a belly dance move . learn more about the walking belly dancing move with tips from a belly dance expert in this free dance lesson video .
use a sponge to pull clay up through the walls when making ceramic bowls . learn to pull clay through the walls when throwing a bowl from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
how to serve falafel ; learn more about making traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
learn how to pick out shoes and socks for sexy cat halloween costumes with costume tips from a makeup expert in this free halloween video .
learn about the ingredients you will need for stuffed mirlitons with expert cooking tips in this free cooking video on making louisiana stuffed mirlitons .
learn how to sew the hem of a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
learn how to play def leppard 's 'hysteria ' on the guitar in this free video clip on the top 80 downloaded guitar tabs .
when cleaning the carpet of a speed boat , a crevice tool is useful for cleaning all of the nooks and crannies . clean the carpet of a speed boat with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
as you crochet your seam that connects the base to the face , remember to keep everything lined up . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
how to take care of your skin to get a natural makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
adding inoculants to water can help add healthy nutrients to your organic compost pile . learn some tips for watering your compost pile from a professional gardener in this free gardening video .
burn fat with these hip extension exercises ; find lower body exercises to develop tighter legs , glutes , and toned muscle in this free video .
there are many dangers that exist in the desert that can effect where you camp . learn how to find a good campsite in the desert in this free survival video .
use green colored paint to enhance the color of the blouse , when painting the image of a girl using watercolors . learn more about painting the blouse green from a professional artist in this free painting video .
kick shots are shots that involve the cue ball hitting a rail before it hits the object ball . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
once ceiling panels are dry , it 's alright to reassemble them . replace a living room 's ceiling panels with tips and techniques from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
adding both roquefort and french blue cheese to your endive-based french salad ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about french food taught by an expert .
learn how to choose a location when planning a small community festival in this instructional free video on event planning .
input quantizing will quantize the midi information as it is played and recorded into the pro tools system . create new music and edit digital sounds using tips on midi information from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
in dog acupressure for knee arthritis the dispersing stream point is particularly good for the lower leg . learn more about triggering the dispersing stream acupressure point in dogs with knee arthritis from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
find a bag that has many compartments and a binder that can fit all types of paper to ensure easy transport of all your scrap booking supplies . learn more about creating , organizing and preserving your scrapbooks in this free video series .
learn how to set the wings easily for a hang glider in this free hang gliding video lesson from an expert professional hang-glider pilot .
doing romantic things at home in a relationship can be as simple as spending time talking with a partner when doing chores and other activities . make arduous tasks romantic and fun with tips from a family therapist in this free video on marriage and relationships .
forming a handle for a clay pot can be fun but tricky . watch this free video clip and learn how to start the process from a clay expert .
learn how to make a chai latte at home from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee .
craft a walking cane from the branch of a tree . learn tips for decorating a wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from a wood crafts expert .
looking for face painting tips ? learn how to paint a pirate eye patch with face paints in this free video about easy face painting designs .
swell guitar effects are great for almost any kind of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
an overview of encaustic wax painting techniques including appearance and materials ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson about encaustic wax painting and its uses taught by expert john vanderbrooke .
hip hop dancing is all about the beat . get tips for finding the groove to hip hop music in this free video clip from professional hip hop dance choreographer .
mandolin chords such as iv and iv minor can be played in tremolo arpeggios . learn how to play tremolo arpeggios on the mandolin in the iv and iv minor chords in this free video music lesson .
learn how to make pizza style meals with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
measuring your crocheted leg warmers ensures a good fit . find out the correct measuring techniques with tips from an artisan in this free instructional crochet video .
find yourself staring into oblivion for hours ? learn some tips on dealing with writer 's block from our play writing expert in this free video clip .
use plant cuttings and start early to get a more robust garden in the spring . get an early start on a spring garden with the tips in this free video on gardening and farming from a professional organic gardener .
carefully check motorcycle brake fluid and make sure not to get it on hands , paint or clothes . find out more about checking motorcycle brake fluid with tips from a motorcycle mechanic in this free video on motorcycle repairs .
learn how to change text color and size in an html document and learn how to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
the yoga child position is a great way to stretch your back and butt and open up you whole core . learn some tips on how to properly do the child position from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
learn how to mix frosting ingredients together when making a holiday cookie tree in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
in basketball , boxing out is when a player gets his body between the basket and an opposing player so that he can get a rebound . box out with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
a bobber should be placed about eight inches from the fishing hook , and when the bobber goes underwater , it 's time to set the hook . use a bobber to set up a fishing line with help from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing for beginners .
learn how to do the bow stance technique in the martial art of wushu in this free martial arts video .
a hit pass shot is very important in the game of racquetball . here is a free video to help you become a better player .
jealousy can be avoided through responsibility and not flirting with members of the opposite sex . avoid jealousy in a relationship by staying away from situations that cause jealousy with tips from the author of several dating books in this free video on relationship advice .
before beginning handcrafted jewelry , it 's important to have the right tools . learn about picking wire cutters for jewelry projects in this free crafting video clip from a professional jewelry artist .
lemon juice , peroxide and creme bleach are three products that can lighten blonde hair . lighten blonde hair with tips from an experienced hair care specialist in this free video on hairstyles .
soccer players often exchange jerseys to show their respect for one another after a physically demanding performance . learn about the devotion and respect of soccer players from a professional soccer player in this free video on soccer .
do n't hyper flex or point when working out the quad hamstrings with tubing . learn about quad hamstring curls as a lower body workout from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
get to know the recipe for indian stuffed potato tortillas ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
learn proper wrist position to help give you leverage on your opponents power in an arm wrestling tournament match , in this sample arm wrestling video clip on how to arm wrestle .
how to play the fifteenth part of the song 'float on ' by modest mouse on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
get an explanation of the infield fly rule with expert tips and advice on baseball rules and basics in this free online baseball video clip .
learn how to do foot reflexology massage to help pains in organs and meridiens with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online foot massage video clip .
when choosing a camcorder , consider what it will be used for and how much money one is willing to spend . select between a small hand-held high-definition camcorder or mini digital video camcorder with advice from a film director in this free video on video production equipment .
how to properly boil the noodles for your spring roll filling and then cut them once they 're done and learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
having pet owners present for pet photography sessions can make your job much easier . learn all about it in this free animal photography video .
learn tips on how to kickflip a gap on a skateboard in this free skateboarding video lesson .
in order to make a photography portfolio , a photographer needs to edit down their best 20 to 30 photographs . make a photography portfolio that is cohesive and shows a personal style with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
effleurage neck massage involves applying oil from the shoulders up to the neck . get tips on performing an effleurage neck massage from a massage specialist in this free health video .
use semi-gloss when painting the trim on a living room . paint the trim on a living room with tips and techniques from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
after replacing a car 's water pump and timing belt , reinstalling the front engine motor mount only requires two bolts . reinstall a front engine motor mount with tips from a certified auto mechanic in this free video on car engine repairs .
reverse undulations in belly dancing are often accented by other movements , such as walking backward . walk backward when doing reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
the genre of music your band should play depends on the style and personal tastes of your band members . learn how to decide how to choose your band 's musical genre in this free diy music management video .
tattooing over an existing piece can update a design , fix faded colors or smooth line work . watch a tattoo artist show before and after shots in this free tattoo video .
creating storyboards for films requires having artistic talent to convey the concepts and sequences of a movie scene . use storyboards to establish the flow and vision of a film with tips from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
do you need to get in shape ? watch this free exercise video on rope stretch training and change your life .
try out various combinations of organ notes to create interesting bass lines . learn how to play variations of organ bass lines in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
aim for a gradual curve on the exterior of a bowl when turning it on the lathe . learn how to roughly shape the exterior of a bowl on the lathe in this free woodturning video .
hybrid picking involves using both a pick and your fingers to play the strings on the guitar . learn to hybrid pick in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
dogs with colds are often lethargic , sneeze , cough and have a poor appetite . treat a dog with a cold with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on dog care .
a low , u-shaped neckline is a simple fashion element , including the basic scoop neck . learn to draw u shaped necklines for fashion illustration in this free fashion design video .
edges of pastel paintings can be refined using background colors - find out how in this free pastel painting tutorial .
learn about astringent herbs in this free video clip .
paint foreground details for a landscape oil painting with expert painting tips in this free art lesson video .
logic pro 8 users can use keyboard shortcuts to navigate the tool menus . learn about tool menus in logic pro 8 ( also known as apple loops ) software in this free video from a professional audio engineer .
the bow pose in yoga works to strengthen the spine as well as energize and awaken the body . learn how to do the bow pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
it 's important to account for a slice when your golf ball lies below your feet at address . learn a few tips for using your fairway woods to hit from side hill lies with a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
finding middle c on a piano can be tricky . learn tips on how to find it on every piano and what all the other keys are in this free video clip .
if you know how to ollie and roll fakie , or roll backwards on a skateboard , then you can combine these moves and do a fakie ollie ! learn how in this free street skateboarding tricks video lesson .
learn how to cut glass for your stained-glass designs in this free video series that focuses on creating your own stained glass .
to shut down a frozen windows computer , try hitting the power button or unplugging it all together if the computer is non-responsive . shut down a frozen windows computer with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
each piano scale has several modes including the dorian mode . learn how to play the dorian mode on the piano in this free video clip .
crossover exercises are a dynamic plyometric exercise that builds strength and power and increases range of motion . learn how to do crossovers in this free plyometrics training video lesson .
adding the ears to your portrait drawing including lobes and ear canal areas ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about drawing portraits , taught by expert david clemen .
adjust the date and time on a computer in microsoft windows by double clicking the time in the lower right corner to pull up the date menu and alter the settings . find out more about adjusting the time and date on a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft windows .
learn some great tips on how to apply makeup concealer to mature skin in this free cosmetics video featuring a professional makeup artist .
learn from our fitness expert how to do a double wave exercise with an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that is able to control and balance hormone levels in women . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
it 's useful to demonstrate what happens when we do n't listen and we do something else like , for example , `` yes or . '' learn how to use the `` yes , and '' principle in improv to build ideas in this free arts and entertainment video .
when playing bach on violin using violin sheet music , start playing line eight , measure one with the e note . learn how to play bach on the violin ( a great string instrument for bach ) in this free online violin lesson on video .
learn how to play 'interpreter ' for an improv comedy routine in this free video clip .
catch a squash opponent napping with a serve into their body . learn how to hit serves into the body in this free video on squash drills .
nollie kickflips require that skateboarders are comfortable in cracking their board 's nose and doing nollies off the ground . do a nollie kickflip with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
a belted coat with a collar is a perfect fashion design for 1950s style clothing . learn to draw belted coat designs with a collar using tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
pay attention to repeated phrasing when practicing upright bass songs in 3-4 time . learn how to play part four of `` home on the range '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
soccer equipment could be the difference between a goal and a loss . get expert tips and advice on soccer rules , moves , and skills in this free video .
hold a bridge or table yoga pose only as long as you are comfortable with the posture . learn to hold a bridge or table yoga pose safely in this free hatha yoga video .
the side kick in tai chi is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and exercises in this free video .
in juggling , the column is one of three basic throws to be done with two balls in one hand . practice juggling the column throw with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
looking for self defense moves ? learn free techniques to do ninja stomach strikes in this free martial art training video .
a fun stretch workout routine . learn basic posture for stretching exercises in this free stretch workout and fitness video .
using your office chair can be a useful tool for performing yoga while at work . learn a few side stretches you can perform at your desk from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
learn how to install roof battens when roofing your home in this free roofing instruction video .
extinguish fireworks and sparklers by safely putting them in sand or a bucket of water . discover more about putting out lit sparklers in this free fireworks safety video from a fire captain .
learn about passing a frisbee catch in this free frisbee video .
see a going down singing exercise with expert tips and advice on proper singing techniques and music lessons in this free video .
parking lots can be dangerous places traveling women . learn safety ideas for parking lot situations from a martial arts instructor in this free self defense video .
learn how to make homemade hair care products for black hair styles with expert cornrow tips in this free hair styling video clip .
learn tips for buying posters as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video .
digital files are a must when creating giclee art reproductions . learn how to create digital files with expertise from a professional artist in this free giclee reproduction video .
safety procedures for rock climbing include checking a partner to make sure they are setup correctly , wearing a helmet and using climbing commands . practice safe rock climbing in a gym before going outside to climb with instructions from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing .
play records at different speeds when trying to match beats . learn more about creating transitions between records in this free turntable lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
learn how to piece together fabric for a quilted table runner with expert sewing tips in this free home decor video on making and sewing your own quilted table runner .
join your binding strips in order to assemble your quilt . learn more about how to create your own quilt in this free video series .
hydrotherapy is basically the use of water in some form for therapeutic reasons . learn about hydrotherapy treatments with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
ankle arthritis in dogs is most commonly caused by injuries or accidents . learn more about the causes of ankle arthritis in dogs with tips from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
add a shimmy to the side arabic belly dancing movement , incorporating the whole upper body into a graceful motion . learn egyptian belly dancing side arabic move from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
practicing double stops on the violin is a very good way to practice your interval finger spacing . learn tips on how to play a double stop interval change from b to f from an experienced musician in this free video .
in order to make ceramic mugs that are the same , the first one needs to be weighed . learn how to weigh clay for throwing a goblet from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
find great third party effects for fl studio on the internet . learn about the vst format for fl studio third party effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
combining accents with the a bio pattern is a great way to alter the rhythm of the train drum beat pattern . learn more about this technical combination from a professional drum teacher in this free drumming video .
quick turns are very important in wheelchair tennis and this expert in here to give you some invaluable tips on how to improve your turns in this free video clip .
playing games with children while babysitting can entail anything from coloring , to playing with toys or even going outside . aid a child in their development by building motor skills and having fun using tips from a general education teacher in this free video on babysitting .
there are dozens of ways to play a em ( e minor ) guitar chord and even more ways to play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of em from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
learn how to hold your knitting yarn using the throwing technique with expert tips in this free video series on knitting basics for beginners .
once you 've make piping , learn how to sew a straight line of piping onto a piece of fabric in this free sewing video .
learn how to sell your nhra racing program with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
curve shots can be done in a variety of different ways and can be very difficult to perfect . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
moving at different speeds helps the odissi dance tell a story . learn to change speed in odissi steps from a professional indian dancer with this free dance lesson video .
when to cover or support a nil in spades in this free card playing video .
are you addicted to bandages ? yes , some are . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
in order to hook up a pc to an hdtv , use a super video connection for the video and a separate connector for audio . connect a pc to an hdtv to watch internet videos with tips from a digital technology specialist in this free video on hdtv .
bodybuilding zottman dumbbell preacher curls have a different movement than regular preacher curls . see the difference between the two types of dumbbell curls from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
trees can be a hazardous obstacle when playing golf , which makes them worth avoiding . learn some tips for playing golf when your near a tree from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
protect your sandcastle courtyard from floods and intruders . learn how to construct an outer wall for your sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
stretching the groin is often overlooked and can lead to injury if not warmed up . get tips on properly stretching this area from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the first thing in skinny minnie is for everyone to put in their ante . learn how to play skinny minnie poker in this free gaming video .
learn how to cut onions for making cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
working on your flexibility every day can help you transition to gymnastics from other sports . learn more about how to transition to gymnastics in this free online gymnastics and tumbling video lesson .
some teas are very dense . learn more about tea with tips from a tea lounge owner in this free video .
high quality food and good exercise should prevent your dog from being injured during a roll over . learn more about dog trick injuries and rolling over with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
how to puree peppers for making mole poblano sauce ; get expert tips and instruction on making traditional mexican food recipes in this free cooking video .
getting on a ski lift with a snowboard can be tricky . find out how to get on a ski lift when snowboarding in this free video .
contrast in a pastel drawing will allow foreground objects to stand out . learn how to use contrast to add depth with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
watch an expert chef stir the jam mixture in this free easy recipe video .
learn how to mix vocals with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
learn how to do a phoenix monkey trick in this free kayak video and advanced kayaking lesson .
lavender derives from the latin term , 'to wash ' , because lavender was used by the romans to dress wounds . explore the history of lavender with tips from a lavender farmer in this free video on growing herbs .
practice fingerstyle guitar patterns on the c major chord . learn to play fingerstyle guitar for acoustic rock from a musician in this free guitar video .
using contrast settings in photoshop is good for tweaking all or selected colors . learn how to work with contrast in photoshop from a professional photographer in this free photoshop tutorial video .
when juggling with one hand , first practice incorporating the other hand by simply moving it while juggling . practice juggling with one hand and moving the other hand with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
learn how to do a strike throw move with expert tips and advice on russian martial arts in this free training video on techniques and tips for doing sambo martial arts .
before firing clay candlesticks , finish decorating them . learn how to fire clay candlesticks in this free pottery lesson from ceramics a expert .
triceps extensions done on a balance ball engage core muscles overlooked on a typical weight bench . workout the triceps on a balance ball with a certified personal trainer in this free video on fitness and resistance training .
split rings can add more layers and , therefore , more depth to your gothic bracelet . learn how to utilize them in this free video series .
no one can legally change their identity , but they can take steps in that direction by changing their name and social security number . discover legal ways to help change an identity with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
when measuring the shoulder wrap the tape around the fullness of the back for a good fit . learn to measure a man 's shoulders for a suit jacket accurately from a fashion designer in this free fashion tailoring video .
in self-defense , lock an opponents arms under your shoulders in order to perform the double arm bar . learn more about the double arm bar from a professional martial arts instructor in this free combat video .
meditation really helps the symptoms of adhd . learn how to meditate to help your disorder in this free video clip from a medical professional .
if you want , you can put in pins to hold your strips in place while you are sewing them . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
juggling three balls in one hand is a very difficult trick . juggle three balls in one hand with tips from a juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
fire fighting gloves can wear out quickly and should be checked for damage such as holes and loose stitching . learn how to check for damage on fire fighting gloves in this free video on firefighting gear maintenance and inspection featuring a professional firefighter .
learn how to do high speed whipping with a stand mixer in this free baking and kitchen appliance video lesson from our catering and standing mixer expert .
learn how to use the black looming shade card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
furniture restoration tricks . learn how to clear out glue from furniture to prepare for wood veneer furniture patch to repair old furniture in this free woodworking video .
removing the u bracket and bottom bolts of an exhaust pipe allows you to remove the exhaust and the lower pipe of the motorcycle . see how to remove the exhaust on a sport bike in this free video on motorcycle repair .
avoid getting taken down during pass rush . learn how to keep balance with expert tips and advice on playing the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
gran turismo 5 cars , such as the lotus 111 , drift with more horsepower than the bmw z4 . get free gran turismo 5 tips on how to drift in mid engine rear wheel drive cars with medium lower power in this free video .
the flat tire is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
how to play 2-5 chords for jazz piano in the key of b major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
learn how to align the colors of the sock when making a monkey sock puppet with expert crafting tips in this free video clip on arts and crafts for children .
work space for making pencil sketches can be anywhere from a studio to a bar or cafe . learn about sketching work spaces with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
access the damage your creature 's attack with the combat damage steps . learn how to get in this free card game video about understanding `` magic : the gathering '' creature cards .
writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to time a good rap verse with bars in this free video clip .
learn how to do moves and link spins in a kayak , in this free freestyle kayaking video instruction .
new drivers need to learn the nhra car-racing rules and learn how from our professional driver in this free drag-racing video on nhra event registration .
learn how to make a dining room in your loft in this free video clip .
throwing a straight punch in kung fu requires making a good fist and twisting the fist as you throw the punch . learn how to throw a kung fu straight punch in this free video .
learn how to do the firefly posture yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
a pastel drawing is complete solely at the discretion of the artist . learn about the artistic process of completion with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
to avoid blending the background with the subject , outline some shadows . learn to paint background shadows with acrylics in this free painting video from a professional artist .
learn how to take care of your old dog 's coat in this free video .
learn how to do the ali shuffle from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
keep those shots steady with a good tripod ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
when pushing on a skateboard , the board moves through a kicking motion against the ground . learn how to push on a skateboard from an instructor in this free skateboarding tricks video .
if a dog is chasing his or her tail frequently , it 's important to examine their diet and to make sure they 're getting enough physical and mental exercise . visit a veterinarian if a dog wo n't stop chasing their tail with help from a dog trainer in this free video on pet care and obedience training for
when checking a bike 's hanger alignment , remove the derailleur and straighten out the tab to align it with the drive train . check a bike 's hanger alignment with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
block your opponent 's punches & kicks and learn how to do a reinforced block with expert tips and advice on soo bahk do in this free video .
a woman 's fall wardrobe should include dark colors , trench coats , tweed skirts , boots and different types of sweaters and pants . have fun buying jackets and boots for the fall with advice from an etiquette consultant in this free video on clothing and fashion tips .
learn how to select wood for your woodcarving project in this free woodworking tips video from our expert wood carver .
a head stock makes a woodturning lathe operate . learn about different settings and speeds of lathes from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
learn what to pack in your work bag when working the night shift as a nurse with expert nursing tips from an experienced night nurse in this free online late shift related video clip .
how to blow dry your hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
a half note goes for two beats on upright bass . learn how to play half notes and dotted notes on upright bass in this free double bass video lesson from a music teacher .
how to play 5-7 chords for jazz piano in the key of c major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
a corrosion mark will indicate where upper mounting nuts go . learn how reinstall upper mounting nuts when replacing front struts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman .
drying nail polish can be difficult . learn different ways to drying nail polish in this free video clip from a professional nail artist .
large antique wall clocks in good condition are rare and expensive . find out which large wall clocks are collectible in this free video on collecting antique clocks from france from an expert in clock restoration .
learn the different financing alternatives for buying a used car with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
drink ginjo sake out of a white wine glass . find out what kind of glass to drink sake out of in this free video ginjo sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
sand the outside of a bowl with a piece of sand paper folded into thirds . learn how to properly sand a bowl from a woodturning expert in this free crafts series .
learn about harder difficulty levels for sudoku novices from an expert in this free how-to video series on playing a sudoku puzzle .
learn how to prepare your battery to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
when selecting the right hair color , try adding dimensions of color to create a new and interesting look . find the right hair color with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
learn how to use the black peppersmoke instant card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
in this beijing chicken recipe , mushrooms and rosemary need to be chopped for the roasted vegetables side dish . chop mushrooms and rosemary for beijing chicken with tips from a chef in this free video on chinese food recipes .
performing side crunches with an extended elbow on a fitness ball is a great way to improve posture and work the abdominal muscles . practice this powerful posture exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
in senegalese sabar dancing , ras chants are exchanged between the dancers and the drummers . hear the ras chant with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
a good variation of a basic rock drum beat is to play the bass drum on the one , the and of one , the and of three and the and of four in each bar or measure to add complexity . play a rock drum beat variation using the bass drum , high hat and snare with tips from an experienced
learn how to use the phyrexian vault artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
make up variations after understanding what a versal is . learn about writing variations on versals in calligraphy with this free art video from a calligrapher .
the cases of anglo-american clocks were made in england , while the parts were made in the united states . discover the history of ango-american clocks in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
get a walk through of the test chamber level 8-2 for the xbox 360 game portal from the orange box with expert tips and advice in this free video game video clip .
learn how to choose the best archery equipment that will work for you in this free weapons training video on archery tips and techniques .
when flirting , it 's okay to be playful and joke around , and is important to not be afraid of saying something stupid . be a good flirt with tips from a dating coach in this free video on meeting people and relationship advice .
first acting audition ? learn how to use props for your on camera audition in this free video clip from a casting director .
to make a satay chicken marinade , combine minced garlic with curry and lime juice . prepare a satay chicken marinade with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
blocking kick attacks can be easy if you utilize some wing tsun kung fu maneuvers . find out more about blocking kicks from a professional martial artist in this free video .
learn how to do the roll over dribbling technique in soccer with expert tips and advice on soccer skill and techniques in this free online soccer video clip .
train a dog to pick up toys by getting the dog interested in the toy and rewarding them as soon as they pick up the item . use a clicker or treat for training a dog to pick something up with instructions from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
in belly dancing , the circling twist with an accent back requires the dancer to twist the hips straight back and forward while circling . dance the circling accent back belly dancing twist move with tips from a belly dancer in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to write a news article from an interview in this free journalism training video .
becoming a professional comedian is ideal for the individual who has a driving passion toward the business and who has enough desire to get through the first few there are many reasons why someone may want to become a professional comedian , including fame and fortune . learn why to become a professional comedian with tips from a professional stand-up
the first massage chair was invented in 1986 , weighed 36 pounds and came in a wooden box that quickly expanded into a massage chair . learn the history of the chair massage , and how it evolved into a better-padded version , from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
the strike zone is one of the most important concerns for an umpire . learn how to call balls and strikes as a baseball umpire in this free video on sports officiating .
how to create a variety of crafts for toddlers , including making collages ; get expert tips and advice on arts and crafts for toddlers in this free instructional video .
start building a hermit crab cage with a large plastic container , then place bedding , something to climb on and a water bowl inside . construct a hermit crab cage that fits one crab for every gallon of tank with insight from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
learn how to draw with oil pastels in this free pastel art video .
when cutting out vinyl stencils , place paper pattern directly over vinyl . cut out the stencil for a glass etching project with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
how to use malt and hops to home brew pilsner beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
watch and learn from our yoga expert how to do leg extensions for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video on yoga poses and stretches for the expecting mother .
should you get the extended warranty for your bike ? learn about bicycle warranties in this free video bicycle buying guide from a cycling expert .
in caring for a wig , washing the wig is important to keeping the wig looking healthy and tame . take care of a wig by washing and brushing the hair with tips from a hair stylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
sayunage to kubishime is a painful aikido technique to use against enemy who pushes you in the chest . learn how to do sayunage and transition to kubishime from a two handed push or ryotedori in this free aikido training video featuring a 4th degree
watch as an expert plumber explains how to turn on a water main in this free online video about replacing shower valves .
jogging to warm up begins with a brisk power walk and progresses into a full speed jog . jog to warm up the body with tips from a professional football player in this free video on warming up .
a new way to do chin-ups ! learn how to improve your upper body strength by doing assisted chin-ups at home or at the gym in this free functional movement workout video .
a café au lait is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
make a cartoon truck drawing using basic shapes and some added detail ; learn tips , ticks and more for creating realistic cartoon drawings in this free online art lesson about cartoons taught by expert matt moskal .
practicing gliding is the basis of snowboarding skill . learn some great ways to practice your snowboard straight gliding in this free video clip on winter sports .
you will use a crackle medium for this tricky technique . learn how to make picture frames look old from a professional artist in this free crafts video .
getting current and adopted pets to get along only requires introducing them with a long group walk . introduce current and adopted pets with tips from an animal rescue manager in this free pet adoption video .
begin with the black paint areas on the castle and crab in the child 's bathroom mural . paint a castle and a crab for a child 's bathroom mural with tips from a professional artist in this free home decor video .
hand painted nail art tutorial ! learn how to apply nail polish dots to right pinky finger in this free nail art video from a professional nail technician .
when replacing a lamp cord , the first thing to do is find out where the cord is going into the lamp . replace a lamp cord with tips from a certified hvac tech and plumber in this free video on electrical repairs .
a production assistant focuses a camera by zooming in on the talent all the way , focusing to get the clearest shot and zooming back out . learn how to zoom and focus on a camera with tips from an experienced production assistant in this free video on television careers .
spray weight machines in the gyms with an alcohol solution between uses to cut down on gym germs . stay healthy on gym weight machines with the tips from this free video on gym hygiene .
practice belly dancing reverse undulations by doing an advanced rocking combo . do an advanced rocking comb reverse undulation with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
attach the petals for a nice flower picture . get tips on how to apply the petals to a picture from a crafts expert in this free video .
violin scales help beginning violinists to master fingering of notes . play the first scale degree of the g harmonic minor scale on the violin with the music tips in this free video on violin lessons from a professional violinist .
tips for preparing fabric for quilts . learn how to trim and sew quilt fabrics in this free quilting lesson from a crafts expert .
when using a bo staff , study aikido and create different attack combinations to confuse and subdue an aggressive opponent . lean a bo staff combo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
learn about potentiometers for circuit bending in this video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
the high hat is the timekeeper of the drum kit . learn how to play the bell and wash of the high hat in this free video .
learn how to use a 4-4 defensive football formation with expert football tips from a former football player in this free video clip on playing defense .
music conductors need to know compound patterns . learn tips and techniques for conducting music in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great music conductor .
a teardrop jump shot is a great way for shorter basketball players to score , and to do a teardrop jump shot , throw the ball with one hand . find out how to fake out a defender with a teardrop jump shot in this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
creating a musical audition checklist is a great idea when entering your first audition . learn some tips for creating a checklist from a professional actor in this free video .
when playing interactive games , babysitters should make sure that the activities are age appropriate , the location is safe and that they have permission to go outside . play fun games that involve arts and crafts and interaction using tips from a general education teacher in this free video on babysitting .
an example of imbedding kleenex into wax and adding paint to them using mica-based paint ; learn tips tricks and more from expert john vandebrooke for creating beautiful encaustic wax paintings in this free art lesson on video .
how to capture video using ulead movie factory in this free home movie video .
promoting your myspace page is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
wag the tailbone from side-to-side and stretch the back of the legs . use tailbone twist exercises from zen yoga to raise metabolism and generate energy circulation with tips from the founder of zen yoga .
learn about musical plays and performances with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
get tips for serving steamed broccoli and learn how to infuse broccoli with essences of garlic and thyme in this free online video cooking lesson .
learn how to grow squash in your vegetable garden in this free online video guide to vegetable gardening .
learn about blitzing gaps with expert tips and advice on running a 3-3 football defense in this free video clip .
in nia , perform a step touch and kick exercise to increase agility and flexibility . learn more about the step touch and kick exercise from a professional nia instructor in this free fitness video .
attaching pottery handles correctly will keep them from breaking off . watch how to attach pottery handles to clay pots and vases you have made in this free ceramics video .
for juggling four balls , routines include a beginning , middle and end with seamless transitions . feeling up to it ? do routines for juggling four balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
learn the different health benefits of kombucha tea with expert brewing tips in this free medicinal healing video clip .
lead with your heel for style in your crossback with a turn . learn how to do hip hop traveling movements from a professional teacher in this free dance video .
adopting a bird for free is possible at bird re-homing centers and bird rescue facilities across the country . adopt a bird at no charge with tips from a bird caretaker in this free video on birds .
have to deliver a persuasive speech ? get tips for using questions of policy in speeches with this free video clip about tips for persuasive speaking .
an inside straight draws gives a lot of poker players problems . learn how to play five-card draw poker in this free gaming video .
need a cute short haircut ? get tips for parting your hair for a a-line bob hair cut in this free video clip from a professional hair stylist .
making a double crochet stitch starts like a single crochet , but the yarn is only pulled through one loop on the hook before pulling more thread through both loops . create a double crochet stitch , making sure to chain three stitches at the end of each row , with instructions from an experienced craftswoman in this free video on
to do interval training , push muscles and heart rate to the max and then spend equal time recovering . find out how to do interval training with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about easy cardiovascular workouts .
the importance of controlling your kids ' food allergies . learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
know the glycemic index of the foods you are eating . eat foods that are below fifty on the glycemic index . learn how to overcome obesity in 12 weeks from a certified personal trainer in this free weight loss video .
look around bedside for items to get rid of when packing . learn other places to look for things to throw out when early packing a bedroom with expert tips in this free moving video .
state laws and financial affidavits determine who gets a 401k in a divorce . find out more about dividing 401ks with tips from a professional psychologist in this free video about relationship and marriage advice .
to make a ponytail , brush the hair to make it neat and then run it through a hair band . make a ponytail with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
learn how to switch ollie over a flat gap from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
if you 're a chocolate lover , you 'll love this recipe for chocolate ganache . learn how to make this dessert in a free cooking video .
there are several reasons to build your own guitar : because it 's less expensive , it 's custom , so it 's just right for you , and it 's just plain cool , learn more in this free guitar-building video .
learn how to attach beads to earrings in this free video clip about making handcrafted jewelry .
photographs are great subject matter for painting portraits . learn how to choose photographs and canvas for painting alternative portraits .
the g major lydian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the g major scale . play the lydian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone player in this free video music lesson .
for the saxophone , a triad is a chord that can be played simultaneously . learn about triad chords in saxophone playing with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to perform the tai chi roll back movement in this free beginner tai chi video .
herbs that lead towards all twelve major meridians as well as other benefits ; learn this and more in this free online alternative health video series focusing specifically on traditional chinese medicine .
build an apreggio on the bass with the notes of a major chord . learn tips for improving your upright bass playing skills in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
look for a straight line that 's uninterrupted and an `` l '' shape in order to fold your binding back to line up with your raw edges . learn more about how to create your own quilt in this free video series .
watch and learn about how to attach materials in fly tying and other fly fishing tips in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
an anchor stitch on a round pillow makes closing the seam easier . sew an anchor stitch to a round pillow with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
